Fix C and C++ Metadata Descriptions (#1827)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/enum/enum.md

---
Title: 'Enums'

> Description: 'In C++, an enumeration (enum) is a user defined type where we specify a set of values for a variable and the variable can only take one out of a small set of possible values.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'In C++, an enumeration (enum) is a user defined type where a set of values is specified for a variable and the variable can only take one out of a small set of possible values.'
```
